now
like few weeks ago
far just open integrals are already
matric the 8pc event for more turbo
boost
Candis Cayne right now at number 35 and
it's bright out to to 33rd Street make
another right on to the service road
Florida major Deegan is the 87 that will
lead us to the county board luckily it's
the straightaway
so hopefully this time doesn't slice to
mush I'm gonna put it right up here
hopefully the turbos we heard miles
there to quit recording until the light
turns green all right if you have a
green light we're looking towards the
Woodland Cemetery
not to make the race be Jerome Avenue
please are cover you cornered
another light
forty to fifty miles an hour
check when the word is stood about 55 60
order
and dirty and food about 65
you